[breaking] Renamings (#7)
unimodules/react-native-unimodules: README.md

### Install the package

```bash
npm install react-native-unimodules
```

### Configure iOS

- Go back to the `ios` directory and open your Podfile, make your Podfile look [like this one](https://gist.github.com/sjchmiela/6c079f2173938a9a61a7c6f053c45000).

>   - If you need to customize the path to node_modules, for example because you are using yarn workspaces, then you can pass in a param for this: `use_unimodules!(modules_paths: '../../../node_modules')`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - If you need to customize the path to node_modules, for example because you are using yarn workspaces, then you can pass in a param for this: `use_unimodules!(modules_paths: ['./path/to/node_modules'])`
```

### Configure Android

- Add `apply from: '../node_modules/react-native-unimodules/gradle.groovy'` and then `includeUnimodules()` to the top of  `android/settings.gradle`

>   - If you need to customize the path to node_modules, for example because you are using yarn workspaces, then you can pass in a param for this: `includeUnimodules([modulesPaths: ['../../../node_modules']])`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - Add `apply from: '../../node_modules/react-native-unimodules/build.gradle'` anywhere in `android/app/build.gradle`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `apply from: '../../node_modules/react-native-unimodules/gradle.groovy'` anywhere in `android/app/build.gradle` and then `useUnimodules()` inside `dependencies {}` block.
- If you need to customize the path to node_modules, for example because you are using yarn workspaces, then you can pass in a param `modulesPaths` for both of these functions: `includeUnimodules([modulesPaths: ['./path/to/node_modules']])`
```

Author: ```suggestion
- Add `apply from: '../../node_modules/react-native-unimodules/gradle.groovy'` anywhere in `android/app/build.gradle` and then `useUnimodules()` inside `dependencies {}` block.
- If you need to customize the path to node_modules, for example because you are using yarn workspaces, then you can pass in a param `modulesPaths` for both of these functions: `includeUnimodules([modulesPaths: ['./path/to/node_modules']])`, `useUnimodules([modulesPaths: ['./path/to/node_modules']])`
```
